Question:
    company uses fsx for windows file server with deployment type single AZ for file storage for its non core functions
    with the changes that mandates high availability
    company needs to change its existing configuration
    company also wants to monitor the system activity as well as end user actions on fsx server
answer:
    configure new fsx with mutli az
    transfer data to newly created file system usign datasync service.
    point all the users to the new location
    you can test failover of the multi az file system by modifying its throughput capacity.

    you can monitor and watch system activity using cloudwatch. and monitor user actions with access auditing using cloudwatch logs and kinesis data firehose.


question:
    migrating the mongo db 2 tier application from on premises to aws.
    ec2 instances must be hosted into a private subnet with no internet access.
    connection between application and database must be encrypted
    database must be able to scale to meet traffic spikes from any bursty or unpredictable workloads.
answer:
    setup a new dynodb tables for the application with on demand mode. 
    use gateway vpc endpoint for dynamodb so that applicaiton can have private and encrypted connection to the dynamodb tables.

question:
    company provides a web based business management platform for IT service companies across the globe to manage help desk.
    50K uses the platform.
    company has issues with having not enough visibility into its systems to discover any issues.
    multiple logs  and monitoring systems are needed to understand root cause of problems.
    company is slowly moving towards api gateway/container services.
    company wants to monitor the microservices and gain deeper insights into serverless architecture.
answer:
    x ray to analyze the microservices applications through request tracing.
    configure cloudwatch for monitoring containers, latency, web server requests and incoming load balancer requests and create cloudwatch alarms to send out notifications
    if system latency is increasing

question:
    retail company offers its services through api gateway and lambda functions.
    legacy api hosted on ec2.
    security team and audit team has raised concern about not to use legacy api.
    ddos attacks and malicious exploits.
answer:
    install WAF as first line of defense in the attacks
    guardduty to monitor any malicious attacks to prevent on api gateway or legacy api

question:
    e commerce is investigating its user reports of java based application.
    a developement team has recovered the logs created by the ec2 instance hosted web servers and reviewed by aurora db cluster performance metrics.
    some of the servers are terminated before the logs collected.
    aurora metrics are inadequete for query performance analysis.
answer:
    1. configure aurora mysql db cluster to publish slow query and error logs to cloudwatch logs.
    2. setup x ray sdk to trace incoming http requests on ec2 instances as well as set up tracing sql queries qith x ray SDK for java
    3. install and configure cloudwatch logs agent on the ec2 instances to send the application logs to cloudwatch logs.
